[docs][new structure] Translate Authorization section (#14139)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/admin/configuration/access/authorization/RBAC_CURRENT.md

In addition to RBAC, the current role model implemented via the [`user-authz`](/modules/user-authz/) module
provides a convenient set of high-level roles:

| Role | Examples of allowed actions | Limitations |
|------|-----------------------------|-------------|
| **User** | View Pods, logs, and Deployments | Can't access secrets, ports, or containers |
| **PrivilegedUser** | Access containers (via `kubectl exec`), view secrets, remove Pods | Can't modify a Deployment or Service |
| **Editor** | Create and remove a Deployment, Service, or ConfigMap | Can't access a ReplicaSet or ClusterRoles |
| **Admin** | Remove a ReplicaSet and control RBAC in a namespace | Can't access cluster-wide resources |
| **ClusterEditor** | Create DaemonSet, ClusterRole, ClusterXXXMetric, KeepalivedInstance (only those required for applied tasks) | Can't remove MachineSets |
| **ClusterAdmin** | Fully access ClusterRoleBindings, Machines, and OpenstackInstanceClasses | Can elevate their permissions |
| **SuperAdmin** | Any actions are allowed (including `*` in RBAC), but with consideration to `limitNamespaces` | Limitations can be applied only using cluster policies |

{% alert level="warning" %}

> The multitenancy mode (namespace-based authorization) is currently implemented as a temporary solution and **does not guarantee security**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multitenancy mode (namespace-based authorization) is currently implemented as a temporary solution and **does not provide full isolation guarantees**.
```

Reviewer: Можешь ещё в IDE через поиск пожалуйста по ресурсам вроде ClusterRoleBinding и прочих пробежаться? В некоторых местах хотелось бы видеть ссылки на эти ресурсы.
